docs: update repo name across docs (#2735)
zarf-dev/zarf: site/src/content/docs/ref/deploy.mdx

:::note

> You can also specify a package locally, or via oci such as `zarf package deploy oci://zarf-dev/dos-games:1.0.0-$(uname -m) --key=https://zarf.dev/cosign.pub`

Reviewer: This should stay the same, but this is the package not the image so it's actually hosted on the defense unicorn github

> You can also specify a package locally, or via oci such as `zarf package deploy oci://zarf-dev/dos-games:1.0.0-$(uname -m) --key=https://zarf.dev/cosign.pub`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify a package locally, or via oci such as `zarf package deploy oci://defenseunicorns/dos-games:1.0.0 --key=https://zarf.dev/cosign.pub`
```
though we should delete the uname as we no longer append arch to our oci packages
